[music playing]
[harmonica playing]
This sign isn't
coming out so good.
The O is all lopsided.
Well, plop your head down,
and I'll trace around it.
Right, what do you guys think?
The different shades of blue
represent how sad we've been
since your dad's been gone.
Well, I'm sure some airport
janitor will be very touch when
he pulls it out of the trash.
All right, come on, people.
We've gotta leave here
in about five minutes.
Well, I'm done.
Yeah, that's great, Darlene.
Come on now.
I wanna meet him
at the gate, and
everything's gotta be perfect.
[phone ringing]
And we really gotta hurry,
because the traffic is awful.
Well, I'm an arm away from
being ready, so the rest of you
get moving.
I'll meet you out there.
Great, limo's out front.
All right.
All right, Andy.
We're going to the airport.
And since we got
the big bucks now,
mommy's gonna get you one of
those fancy airport pretzels.
Whoa!
Look at the size of that limo.
It is like twice the
size of our trailer.
Mark, now, you double checked
Dan's arrival time, right?
Yeah, his plane
comes in at noon,
but I added on another two hours
because we're in Central Time.
Mark, no.
You told me that
his plane leaves
at 9:00, which is
11:00 our time,
which means he gets in at 4:00.
4:00 Lanford time
or California time?
No, the plane leaves
at 9:00 our time,
which is 7:00 their turn.
Which means he does
get in at noon.
Noon as in Lanford time or
noon as in California time?
Wait a minute.
I think dad's been at the
airport for two hours.
All right,
everybody shut up, and
let's get going, except Mark.
You stay here and figure
out why we left you home.
Come on.
Come on, just get the door.
Where's everybody going?
Hey.
THEME SONG: What doesn't
kill us makes us stronger.
We're gonna last longer than
the greatest wall in China,
or that rabbit with a drum.
If there's one thing that
I've learned while waiting
for my turn, is that
in each life rain
falls, but you
also get some sun.
And we'll make out
better than OK.
Here what I say?
Any day.
It was so weird doing all the
Christmas shopping without you
this year.
- Well, yeah.
You didn't have anybody
to carry your heavy stuff
or hold your purse.
But you do have a new
strapping young man,
what with the new DJ.
I can't believe
how much he's grown.
You know, I think we
can go ahead and take
that guardrail off his bed now.
I'm just glad you're home, Dan.
Because we can start getting
back to normal around here now.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know what I was thinking?
After the holidays
and everything calms
down a little bit, I
think I me and you,
we should go away on a trip
together, alone, you know?
And I was thinking either the
Riviera or the Wisconsin Dells.
I don't know, honey.
I just got back from that
big trip to California.
I know, but I mean, we
haven't been to the Dells
for a really long time.
I'm sure they'd let
us back in by now.
Yeah, well, you know,
we don't have to decide
on it right now, though, do we?
No.
No, you know, we can
think about it whenever.
No, I'm just trying to say, Dan,
I'm so glad that you're home.
[mumbling]
You know, I mean, I was only
bringing up the idea of a trip
because I thought it's
something that you'd like.
Yeah, I do, but you know, do
we gotta do it right now or?
Is something wrong, Dan?
I'm sorry, honey.
I'm just tired.
I guess I got some
of that jet lag.
Yeah, that's probably it.
That's probably it, yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know, baby.
Um, how about in
a couple of days,
maybe me and you go
out for a big dinner.
You know, just you and me.
Maybe feel like I'll
take you up to Chicago.
Wow, found food out of town.
I can hardly wait!
Hmm?
Listen, I'm gonna
go ahead and shave,
so I don't tear
up the pillowcase.
Or me.
What you got there, some
newfangled electric razor?
This is like the kind they got
in that Sharper Image catalog.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
What's all this?
Oh, That's My 12 step recovery
program for more vital skin.
See, I got it at
that spa I went to.
Well, I don't know, honey.
You got moisturizers.
I got me an electric razor.
I guess there's no going back.
Hey, yeah.
Maybe later we can trade.
"While visions of sugar
plums danced in their Heads."
Hey, sugar plum!
we could really use a hand here!
Hey, I wanted a living tree.
No, you butchers are gonna have
to deal with your own carnage.
Could you shut the door?
It's freezing in here!
Well, they're back, huh?
Mhm.
Yeah, and this year, they
actually went to a tree farm.
Don't tell me you
paid for a tree.
Yeah, that nursery security
guard bulked up for nothing.
All right, well,
last night, huh?
You and Dan, huh?
How was it?
Good.
Aw , come on, Roseanne.
It's been a long
time for your guys.
Was it wild and intense?
Was it like the first time?
Well, his dad didn't
catch us this time,
if that's what you mean.
It was fine.
Fine?
Come on.
Oh, Roseanne and Dan Connor
do not have fine sex.
Well, come on, Jackie.
You know, it's been
months and everything.
And he was kind of
nervous, and so was I.
But the most important thing is
that when he crawled into bed
next to me, you know, and I--
I felt that familiar sag in
his side of the mattress,
I just felt like I was home.
I just felt like
everything was gonna be OK.
Well, let me
ask you something.
When I talk about Carlos,
do I sound that sappy?
You could get a part on
any Mexican soap opera.
Well, I'd say Dan
does seem very happy.
His mom must be doing better.
- Yeah.
Yeah, they got her on
pills and everything.
What are you doing?
You're squishing my balls!
I'm making angels thumbprints.
No, these are rum balls!
Now that you've made
them into rum blobs!
Balls, blobs,
what's the difference?
It's gonna taste the same!
Not to me.
I've spent all this time
rolling these things
to custom fit my mouth.
Now fix 'em!
Geez.
Uh-uh!
No, no, no.
Look, like this.
Oh.
I hate you.
I said, "shut the door!"
Hey, I didn't have
that problem at my house.
You wanna know why?
I took a tape measure with me!
I hate you.
Rose, I really hate
to tell you this,
but it looks like we're
gonna have to amputate.
There you go, Dan.
I was gonna bring
your safety goggles,
but I didn't wanna insult you.
Yeah.
Nurse!
Doctor, I can't
tell you how impressed
I am with the delicate
work you're about to do
with those big, meaty hands.
Yes, my dear.
They were developed
after years of twisting
off non-twist-off caps.
Hey, nice tree.
When do we have to send it
back to Rockefeller Center?
Come on, David.
Let's go to the toy
store, so we can
get there before the bellowing
parents and screaming children.
Hey, you don't
wanna miss that.
That's the best part, with
the kids on leashes and stuff.
Hey, dad.
I'm glad you're home.
I want you to know that.
- Thanks, honey.
That's really sweet of you.
I need your coat.
Mine doesn't fit, and believe
it or not, I've outgrown mom's.
Scary.
[whistle]
All right, come on, David.
Timber!
Hey, I'm glad I got
all this new furniture
just in time to help you cut
down a tree in the living room!
Ow, ow.
What do you, Darlene?
Should we start here or here?
Hm, that is a tough one.
Darling, for the first time
ever, we have a beautiful tree
with all its needles!
Now, do you have to make it look
like a tacky Vegas showgirl?
You wish, mother.
OK.
Andy, let's go choose
some cookies for Santa.
Make sure you put a couple
of peanut butter ones on there.
I know she likes those.
Where's Dan?
Oh, I think he's
upstairs using the phone.
He's probably
talking to his mom.
Again?
He's like-- he's like so
totally obsessed with her.
I thought you said
she was all right.
She is.
And don't start
criticizing him just
because we aren't lucky enough
to have our mother in a home!
All right.
All we have to do
now is fire him up.
We've got a bad plug.
There's no prongs in this.
That's the female
end, you idiot!
Geez, you must have buried the
plug in the middle of the tree!
And we're missing
a wise man again.
No, we're not.
You know what they say.
They say the yellow Power Ranger
is the wisest in all the land.
You are not gonna believe
what I got Dan for Christmas.
It's the most
amazing present ever.
All right.
But you're not gonna
believe-- it has to be
better than what Fred got me.
Bubble bath.
You already opened it?
It wasn't even wrapped.
Man, you know, ever since
he moved in with that DA chick
with them two kids, we
never see him anymore.
All right, so-- so
what did you get Dan?
Tell me.
Come on.
No, forget about it.
You haven't been able to keep
a secret since sixth grade.
Well, why do you
bring it up, then?
I got a big mouth too.
Oh, this new
angel is beautiful.
Yeah, but she ain't gonna
look that hot with a tree
shoved up her butt.
Here, sweetie.
Allow me.
All right, everybody.
Gather round.
Time for the traditional
hoisting of the angel.
[groaning]
Hey, let's hope Santa
brings a back brace this year.
Cookies here!
Hey, , thanks, man.
Hey, hey, those are for Santa.
Now, wait.
I'm going to put those cookies,
darling, right over here
on the mantle, where
Santa-- oh, oh, oh.
That's right.
My daughter got rid
of the fireplace.
I guess Santa will have to come
crawling out of the cabinet.
No, that's all right.
We're just gonna leave these
cookies right here, where
old Saint Nick can't miss 'em.
So where's that
note for Santa?
Oh, I got it
right here, honey.
And I wrote it down exactly
like the kids told me.
Oh yeah, good.
"Dear Santa, are any
of your reindeer gay?
Our grandma is.
Love, Andy and Jerry."
You know, kids say
the darnedest things.
It's time for bedtime, boys.
Bedtime?
That's right.
You guys got a busy day tomorrow
of ignoring all your toys
and playing with the
boxes they came in.
Here, I'll take them upstairs.
Oh my, we'd better hurry.
I hear reindeer hooves.
Wow, she has
got great hearing.
Lookie, Lookie, lookie what
I found out in the garage.
All of our old
Christmas decorations.
You know, nothing says
Christmas like a string
of Schlitz bottle caps.
All right, elves!
Come on, it's time to finish
the Christmas assembly.
Come on!
Doberman, Peperoni,
let's go, hey, hey!
All right, Mark.
Walk to the garage, get me
a screwdriver and a wrench.
David, go with Mark.
Find out what those things are.
Who wants a Tom & Jerry?
What the hell is that?
It's a hop, skip, and go
naked, only with grated nutmeg.
Well, don't all speak at once!
I think we should
get out there
before she sucks all
the nitrous oxide out
of the whipping cream can.
Here, do something
with that, would you?
Hmm.
OK, she's gone.
Dig in.
But chew softly.
You know, I think we should
leave a cookie with a big bite
taken out of it.
How come?
'Cause it's more like
Santa was really here.
OK, he's eating his cookies,
and all of a sudden,
he realizes, "uh-oh, I gotta
get back to my sleigh!"
And he doesn't have time
to finish the last one.
That's realism.
Ah, bite me.
I'm eating 'em all.
Oh, Christmas cookies.
Yeah, you better
get yours quick.
They're going fast.
You know, it really is
great seeing you guys again.
We're really glad
you're back, dad.
Mhm.
[muffled speech]
Can I, you know?
Oh yeah, sure.
Go ahead.
Wow.
Hey, you should feel
it from where I am.
Nobody touches that one!
Oh, David, could you start
putting the tricycle together?
Yep.
Just found the instructions.
David, men don't
read instructions.
We eyeball it, think
logically, and then wing it.
Yeah, well, you're a
professional mechanic,
Mr. Connor.
How would you put
these wheels on?
Well, from my last
30 years experience
as a professional mechanic,
hell, I'd glue 'em on.
OK, everybody got their gifts?
Yeah.
All right.
That's good, because we are
going to open these gifts
in an orderly fashion that is
consistent with the fine Connor
tradition of
Christmas etiquette.
Already, set, go!
And you will notice that
not one of these gifts
was purchased by Santa at
the North Pole Press Club
this year.
I can't decide
which one to open!
Well, then, you don't
get either one of them.
Oh, cool.
A Powerbook.
Thank you.
Pearls!
I have always wanted pearls.
Oh my God.
Look at all these video games!
Sable hair brushes.
Snakeskin boots!
You know, if you hold those
up to your ears, they rattle.
My God!
Are these real?
Well, they ain't diamondelles
from the Home Shopping Network,
sis.
Look at me.
I got what, a beautiful robe?
Well, not just a robe, Vanna.
It's a beautiful cashmere robe.
And if I was you, I'd
check in the pockets there.
- Oh my God.
- Yeah.
Dan, look at that.
Yeah, I figured you could
wear it around the house,
you know, when you're
watching TV or whatnot.
Thank you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Say nothing of it.
It's beautiful.
All right, everybody.
Stop what you're doing, because
it's gonna take hours to open
all our presents,
and I have something
very important right now.
In fact, I have
what I believe is
called the gift de resistance.
Well, a beautiful silver tray.
Oh my God.
It's a mortgage.
And a zippo.
I was gonna buy
you a Rolex watch,
but this here was cheaper.
Honey, I don't
know what to say.
I mean, you know we--
we bought the house
together, and we owe it--
[inaudible]
Come on, Dan.
Light that sucker up.
[cheering]
Yahoo!
Hey, Dan.
The mansion is all ours.
Yeah, and honey--
You don't have to
say nothing, honey.
Merry Christmas.
SONG: Later on, we'll conspire
as we dream by the fire
to face unafraid the
plans that we made,
walking in a winter wonderland.
Walking in a winter wonderland.
No, that's OK.
I'm all alone.
They're all at the mall
exchanging everything.
Well, yeah.
I miss you too.
It's really hard spending
Christmas without you.
That is so sweet.
Well, I don't know
when I'm gonna get back.
I'm kind of stuck
here for a while.
He misses his mommy.
Listen, I just wanted to
thank you for, you know,
being so great with my mom.
"Mom?"
Yeah, well, I gotta go.
Yeah.
Yeah, me too.
OK, bye.
Oh my God.
Oh, for crying out loud!
[dialing]
Oh great, just great!
[phone ringing]
ROSEANNE (ON VOICEMAIL): Hello.
You've reached the
Connor residence.
And-- [beep]
SANTA (ON PHONE): Yeah, yeah.
Connors?
Hello.
This is Santa Claus.
I've got a scheduled
delivery here,
and you've blocked
off the fireplace!
Don't you know you're
supposed to fill out a form
when you block the chimney?
After 20 years, the least you
could do is drop me a line.
Now, I'm just gonna leave
the gifts by the back door,
unless of course,
you've changed that too!
Oh yeah, ho-ho-ho!